I wanted to discuss with you a little bit about stakeholders.
Maybe you weren't expecting to hear me talking
about stakeholders in a course about CI/CD,
but I think there's something here,
that you would be better off knowing and might even give you an edge in
your job if you have a little extra empathy for the decision-makers in your company.
Since the beginning of time,
or at least since the beginning of technology and business,
there has been a divide between non-technical stakeholders and technical staff.
People on both sides of this divide
believe the other people don't understand what they do.
Even if that's true, which it isn't always,
it doesn't mean both sides shouldn't try to come together on some common ground.
Technologists can help business leaders make
better decisions because of their knowledge of what's possible,
feasible, cost-effective, or otherwise.
They might even have some creative ways to think about or
solve problems that non-technical people wouldn't normally consider.
On the other hand, business leaders are in the position they're in,
because they too have a lot to offer.
People with a business mindset often see strategy more quickly than technologists,
who are more focused naturally on tactics.
Also, there's incredible value in
the zoomed out big picture perspective that decision-makers have,
that most technologists simply don't have access to.
The scenario that I see so often is that the business side of
the house tends to make decisions without seeking the wisdom from the tech side.
They believe the tech side of the house might not be
qualified or interested in those decisions.
Sometimes the results are not that great.
On the other hand, I see a lot of technologists making decisions
on behalf of the business without the knowledge of decision-makers.
They believe that non-technical people are not
qualified or interested in those decisions. Sound familiar?
Like the other side, the results are not always that great.
Here's my point, both sides of the divide,
need to involve the other side in decisions,
so that our companies can be stronger and make a better impact on the world,
but I'm not talking to the business side of the house, am I?
No, I'm talking to you cloud developer.
It's got to start with you.
Bring your business leaders into the discussion about CI/CD and continuous delivery,
translate the technical terms into words
that matter to the business minded people in your company.
Convince them to move in the direction of continuous delivery,
based on the very real benefits it can have for your company.
Get the decision-makers to make the decision.
Then, you'll have the support of the stake holders to make real change.